these seals have to keep their wits
about them every time they come up for
yeah there's a rest that they're gonna
get caught my polar bear will sit and
wait for hours and hours and hours just
patiently waiting for the moment that
seal pops his head up to take a breath
and they'll be straight on them
Frieda is on the hunt it's a rare chance
to film a polar bear stalking technique
[Music]
hey really let her see looking at us
like a judged the distance
she's one of the largest predators on
earth yet she hunts with the agility of
a hose cat
it's a bit of a cat-and-mouse game in at
the moment the surface was a bear to run
on it's quite soft so it can't get so
much speed up easy to be so close to
this bear in our border
[Music]
at no way mate your luck oh well the
next thing on the menu is a film crew
Frieda means business and this time
we're away from the safety of the boat
if you get ready
to start up Austin
starting the snowmobiles is enough to
put Frieda off
trying to follow these bears so closely
would be impossible without Jason's
experience that makes your heart be a
little bit faster
yeah a little bit too close for comfort
[Music]
you